Docs for using CUDA-enabled docker images (#1010)
zenml-io/zenml: docs/book/advanced-guide/pipelines/gpu-hardware.md

pipelines that are required to run on GPUs, it is essential to ensure that the
environment has the required CUDA tools installed. The following section describes what
you need to do to ensure that you will actually get the performance boost that
running your training on a GPU will give you.

The steps that will run on GPU-backed hardware will all be running from a
containerized environment, whether you're using our local Docker orchestrator or
on a cloud instance of Kubeflow. (Please see [the section on configuration of the
Docker environment](../../advanced-guide/pipelines/containerization.md) for
general context on this and what follows.) For this reason, you will need to
make two amendments to your Docker settings for the relevant steps as follows:

1. Specify a CUDA-enabled parent image in your `DockerSettings`

For full details, see the whole section where we explain how to do this [on the
containerization page](../../advanced-guide/pipelines/containerization.md). As
an example, if you wanted to use the latest CUDA-enabled official PyTorch image
for your entire pipeline run, you could include the following code:

```python

> docker_settings = DockerSettings(parent_image="pytorch/pytorch:latest")

Reviewer: Are you sure `pytorch/pytorch:latest` has CUDA installed? Maybe specify a CUDA-specific image to make this very explicit.

Author: I am sure, but I can specify something directly so that it's obvious maybe.

you need to do to ensure that you will actually get the performance boost that
running your training on a GPU will give you.

The steps that will run on GPU-backed hardware will all be running from a
containerized environment, whether you're using our local Docker orchestrator or
on a cloud instance of Kubeflow. (Please see [the section on configuration of the
Docker environment](../../advanced-guide/pipelines/containerization.md) for
general context on this and what follows.) For this reason, you will need to
make two amendments to your Docker settings for the relevant steps as follows:

1. Specify a CUDA-enabled parent image in your `DockerSettings`

For full details, see the whole section where we explain how to do this [on the
containerization page](../../advanced-guide/pipelines/containerization.md). As
an example, if you wanted to use the latest CUDA-enabled official PyTorch image
for your entire pipeline run, you could include the following code:

```python
docker_settings = DockerSettings(parent_image="pytorch/pytorch:latest")

@pipeline(settings={"docker": docker_settings})
def my_pipeline(...):
    ...
```

> 2. Add ZenML as an explicit pip requirement

Reviewer 2: why is this necessary, don't we do this under the hood when building images? Or, asked differently, why don't we need to do this when running on CPU?

Author: Not entirely sure, but this is what @schustmi told me this morning. Maybe he has the answer. I think step #2 is just precautionary and perhaps not essential?

Reviewer: You always need ZenML installed in every case, because the code that runs inside the docker image is an entrypoint file which is inside ZenML.That code actually kicks off the pipeline.

In the `CPU` case, you dont specify a parent_image @fa9r, so you the default zenml base image is used which has zenml already installed. With this current approach, a pytorch base image with cuda is being used and of course that means zenml needs to be installed. So its quite mandatory

ZenML requires that ZenML itself be installed for the containers running our
pipelines and steps, so you will also need to explicitly state that ZenML should
be installed. There are lots of ways to specify this, but as one example, you
could do the following (updating the code from above):

```python
docker_settings = DockerSettings(parent_image="pytorch/pytorch:latest", requirements=["zenml==0.20.5", "torchvision"])

@pipeline(settings={"docker": docker_settings})
def my_pipeline(...):
    ...
```

Adding these two extra settings options and applying them to whatever resource

> is appropriate for your pipelines and use cases will be enough to ensure that

Reviewer 2: somewhat hard to read sentence

Author: Fixed now.

def my_pipeline(...):
    ...
```

Adding these two extra settings options will be enough to ensure that
CUDA is enabled for the specific steps that require GPU acceleration. Note that these configuration changes
are **required** for the GPU hardware to be properly utilized. If you don't
update the settings, your steps might run but they will not see any boost in
performance from the custom hardware.

Note that you need to be quite careful with the image that you choose so that
switching between local and remote environments doesn't get muddled. For
example, you might have one version of PyTorch installed locally with a
particular CUDA version, but then when you switch to your remote stack or
environment you might be forced to use a different CUDA version.

The core cloud operators all offer prebuilt Docker images that fit with their
hardware. You can find more information on them here:

- [AWS](https://github.com/aws/deep-learning-containers/blob/master/available_images.md)
- [GCP](https://cloud.google.com/deep-learning-vm/docs/images)
- [Azure](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/machine-learning/concept-prebuilt-docker-images-inference)

> Not all of these images are available on DockerHub, so your orchestrator node
> would have to have permission, for example, to pull images from registries if
> you were to use one of those.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Not all of these images are available on DockerHub, so your please ensure
that the orchestrator environment your pipeline runs in have to have sufficient 
permission to pull images from registries if you were to use one of those.
```
